Add requiring a username to the sign up, and sign in process. Use the username as a key to partition their data from another's data. when logging in, display "Welcome, {name}" below the app icon, title, and tag-line, but above the text boxes. Add twice the amount of space above the username as is below it to give the username visual space from the other elements.
Create the ability to have multiple instances of the dashboard "homepage". These different instances should have their own seperate sets of data (i.e. if a user uploads data in instance1, it cannot be seen or accessed from instance2, and vise versa). These instances should be located on the left side of the screen and display as tabs (perallelograms where multiple tabs meet). When the user scrolls, the tabs should be sticky in their y position. Tabs in excess of parent container height should cause the tabs to be scrollable. When the user hovers over a tab, it should "peek" slightly, expanding and transforming to the right a bit to show you a slightly larger name of the instance, and a slightly brighter shade of the background color, while giving the other tabs a slightly darker background color. The colors should be reused from the current theme pallate. When you click on the tab, the dashboard should refresh with that instances data. One or more instances should be linkable to one or more users via usernames effectively creating a shared collection of data within the database, and within that instance.
Instead of having the Data Entry page be its own "page", make it like a popup over the dashboard page where it appears above the dashboard elements, and the dashboard appears blurred. The user should be able to click anywhere outside of the card to go back to the dashboard. There should also be a red x on the top right of the card that will also close out the data-entry popup and go back to the dashboard. Clicking the X button should cancel any pending changes or additions happening within the data entry card (confirmation popup before discarding the data). Clicking outside of the card while there is data buffered should have no effect.
In the Spending Trends graph, the user should be able to select multiple categories either from the key's categories, or the graph nodes/lines. The result should be the same as with a single line: the unchosen lines are made more transparent
In the Spending Trends graph, the user should be able to remove a category from view by toggling the existing checkmark that exists with each category. The check mark should be put in a circle. The circled check mark should have on-hover highlighting (make sure that the radius will be big enough for comfortable mobile phone operation)
In the Spending Trends graph, the "All Time" button should be replaced by a "Custom Range" button where the user can select between any two dates they want within a 10 year date-to-date constraint.
If a user changes the category of a transaction from anywhere, they should be asked if they would like to apply that change to all transactions with a matching description (the comparison should be made with the processed description right before it is given to the applyUserMappings() function from categories.tsx)
Each transaction upon upload should have appended a "notes" field. It should initially contain nothing, but be editable in the drill-down area of the Expenses By Category card. The Notes should be displayed in between the description and category columns. When not selected, the notes text box should clip one it reaches the end of the box. When clicked on, the text should then be wrapped within the width of the box, but expanded downwards to accomidate for as much text is present, plus two newlines.
the "TRANSACTIONS TRACKED" card at the top of the dashboard should say "TRANSACTIONS TRACKED OVER:" and then below it, to the right of the value of the total transactions, but with the same style as the total transactions value, should be "'X'YR, 'Y'MO" where 'X' is the total number of years the data spans rounded to the closest year, and 'Y' is the total number of months in excess of the total years, rounded to the closest month.
In between the edit and delete buttons on a transaction there should be an archive button where the data will still be counted as a transaction (for total count), but it will no longer be displayed as an entry, rendered in any graph or chart on the dashboard, or have its transaction value counted towards a categories transaction value totals. Archived data should have a card in the settings page.
The Expenses by category card should have a selectable year instead of being hardcoded to 2026
***new table for all transactions over a spesific period of time where the entries are editable as with expenses by category table
remove the surplus and defecit bar charts entirely. Replace it with a single bar chart that instead shows the net surpluss or deficit in a one bar-per-month, currently-selected year timeframe. The colors should be green for positive, and red for negative
In the drill-down version of the Income vs. Expenditures bar chart (when a month is selected), to the right of this chart should be a secondary bar chart which shors the total income in a single green bar next to the total expenses in a single red bar (the same as how a month is displayed in the overall-version of the Income vs. Expendatures bar charts).
In the drill-down version of the Income vs. Expenditures bar chart (when a month is selected), clicking on an individual day on the chart should filter the visible data to only display transactions that occured on that date (multi-non-consecutive-select should be possible)
In the drill-down version of the Income vs. Expenditures bar chart (when a month is selected), description tags should use the same multi-selection and circled-check-mark dissabler as the Spending Trends Chart. They should reuse logic if possible
move the danger zone card to the bottom of the settings cards
Modify the color pallate to have "text-muted" be in between itself, and the "accent" color. have "text-secondary" be a slightly darker version of the result of the new "text-muted" color
