Whever transactions are listed in a drill-down, the date, description, category, and amount columns should be sortable
In Spending Trends card, the custom date range selector container should appear just below the range select container and be right-justified.
In Spending Trends card, if there are less than 2 points of data being displayed, the single point of data should still be displayed as a node. Currently, if there is only one node, it is selectable if hovered over, but the individual node is invisible before and after selection.
Wherever there are category selection buttons, there should also be "Select All" and "Disselect All" buttons appended to the end of the active list of buttons.
Enter Data button should move to a floating button displayed on dashboard and setting that is sticky to the bottom right section of the screen. The shape of the button should be a circle, and inside should be "Enter Data" and the current symbol latter displayed under the former, all within the button circle.
The instances tab should not render on the settings page.
in Income vs Expendatures card, the "income vs expenses" bar graph should be removed, leaving the net balance graph and the drilldown with all its sub-components. Change the colors of Net Balance bars to be 50% transparent, and a thin horizontal line on y=$0
every card besides Income vs Expendatures tab should get the same custom range component that spending trends card has
All dashboard buttons in all cards (besides the caregory buttons) should be twice as large
make a new card in settings called "Dashboard Card Visibility" Where a list of Dashboard cards are displayed with a toggle that removes them from view on the dashboard
In the average monthly expendetures card, lets remove the horizontal bar graph, move the table data to the right, an expand the progress-bar-track components to make them bigger and more visible, taking up the extra right-hand space.
Make all non-selected instance tabs 25% less wide
Add to the settings page a card called "Feature Request" Where the user can enter ideas for consideration. I would like ideas on how to handle the submitted feature requests.